White Paper
"I, Janoher, propose of a system to buy and sell regular normal items on the internet with/for cryptocurrencies without KYC regulations, where anybody can buy and/or sell items that comply with our Terms of Service and Regulations and Uses in exchange for cryptocurrencies, without the need for a bank account or a social security number." - February 3rd, 2021

I believe in the technology of cryptocurrencies allowing for more control of our money for the people and less control from the governement. I believe that cryptocurrencies should be used as a means to transact with people for items, like a currency, and not to be HODL'D or treated like a stock. However, implementing a website to directly accept Bitcoin, Ethereum, or a majority of other cryptocurrencies poses privacy and security threats for both the company (website known as MoneroMarket) and the customers/consumers.

Bitcoin uses a public ledger for verifying and storing transactions, and because it is public it is viewable by everyone, and most exchanges require KYC regulations. This makes it possible to know where each and every bit of a Bitcoin is sent to and where it originated from the chain link leading from the minting of the new coin and all the transactions that took place leading up to the last transaction. If we accepted Bitcoin or Ethereum as it is right now, customers would be able to see all the people that sent Bitcoin to buy something on our site, would know how much total Bitcoins that they have, would know where they received and sent all their funds, and from that point on any new transaction that the customers make, everyone that has bought or sold anything on the website would also know about the transaction. Since Bitcoin is transparent by nature, I believe this is one of the major reasons as to why a website like this currently does not exist at the time of writing this paper (July 29, 2021).

Monero, however, solves this problem. Monero is a cryptocurrency similar to Bitcoin where it is peer-to-peer, truly decentralized by means of being ASIC Resistant and allowing for all computers and smart-phones to be used to mine Monero, and protects from inflation with the regulation of how new coins are issued and how many there can be in circulation/total. Monero uses a private ledger compared to Bitcoin, meaning that all transactions are confidential, and there are no links with previous transactions. This makes Monero a truly fungible coin, as most people wouldn't want to sell an item and then receive tainted Bitcoins that had been used for illegal purposes. Monero would also make each transaction for each and every customer and/or vendor private with no one else being able able to see the transaction. Each address that gets generated will be a brand new address, meaning that any service, wallet, or exchange wouldn't be able to see where an individual's Monero went when buying an item from the site, as each Monero address would be different and would have no correlations to one another. This makes it possible for anyone to buy anything on the site without having anyone track or trace your transactions.

What's the difference between this site and Amazon, and how would this website still be a viable option when Amazon or eBay start to accept cryptocurrencies as payment on their website. The answer, PRIVACY. When a customer buys an item or when a vendor sells an item, the shipping address of the buyer isn't shared to the the seller, and vice-versa. When the vendor ships the item, they ship the item to our office, and we ship it to the buyer. This makes it so that the buyer nor the seller know the shipping addresses or names of eachother. This architecture also allows for inspection of items, where we, MoneroMarket, will open the package to verify that the item is correct and that everything that the vendor in their listed post said works, does indeed work. This helps against fraud and scams such as a person disputing that they had received a rock that weighed the same as a phone that they were supposed to get, and if we had implemented the system to be like eBay where the seller sends the package directly to the buyer, we would have no way to know who would be telling the truth in this situation.

The site doesn't require personal information to sign up and use, such as a phone number, email, bank account, or social security number. Names and shipping addresses are only required for buying or selling physical items for obvious reasons (To send the item to the buyer, if that wasn't clear). The information of items that a buyer buys or that a vendor sells does not get shared to third-parties (except for cases where we find illegal substances, such as drugs or weapons, then we will report to law-enforcement for that particular item/package), and are only saved up to 7 days after escrow has been released, an order has been cancelled, or a dispute has been solved. This is to protect the buyer and/or seller from fraudulent claims about an item being something that it is when it is not, such as saying the screen was cracked or their are severe scratches when there weren't any. After 7 days, the order information will only be held in our database if the buyer or seller doesn't delete the order information on their end. If both the buyer and seller delete the order, then the order is completely gone from our database, and no record of a transaction will show.

Encryption is used to protect user information from a database hack/breach. All valuable order information such as shipping addresses, public wallet addresses, return public wallet addresses, amount bought, items bought, total price of order, dispute messages, etc.. will be encrypted when stored onto the database, making an attack on personal information of an individual substantially harder by orders of magnitude. Messages are also encrypted, making eavesdropping from a hacker much less likely to occur. A user's in-store Monero wallet (and other in-store cryptocurrency wallets in the future) is also encrypted, so attackers can't see your funds, public addresses, or transactions done in the in-store wallet from a database hack/breach.

All code is open-source, meaning we have nothing to hide, and our website works and does the things we say it does. Making our code open-source allows consumers to audit the code, and allows for better protection and security through others being able to audit and provide suggestions on how to fix exploits. Being oepn-source also proves that we do not collect data nor log I.P. addresses, and that the security of your funds through escrow is true and can be examined thouroughly.

Escrow is used to secure funds between the buyer and the seller, and ensure that a buyer did pay the seller. Rather than having the seller run off with the Monero after buying an item and sending Monero, the funds are held on the website's Monero wallet, and we will verify if the correct amount of Monero was actually sent, and will release funds when auto-finalization occurs, a dispute resolves, or when a user releases funds early if satisfied by item and received before auto-finalization. Auto-finalization is when the funds automatically get released to the vendor after 7 days from estimated arrival of item from MoneroMarket to the buyer.

Monero can be stored in our in-store market wallet. This is helpful for individual's who are new to cryptocurrency and do not necessarily have a wallet yet, as we provide a simple and easy to use wallet on our site. We highly recommend however to use a wallet where only the individual has access and knows the key, such as using a wallet app that is secure and respects privacy along with a cold-storage wallet such as a Ledger hardware wallet, as this makes it much harder for an attacker to hack and to steal your funds, for your funds to be lost, or an exchange or organization denying withdrawls.

MoneroMarket constantly updates the Exchange Rates every 10 minutes, and get's currency information from CoinMarketCap. MoneroMarket allows for easy currency price translation for users that would rather show the price in Dollars, Bitcoins, or any other supported cryptocurrency. MoneroMarket purchases still require sending Monero, however, a system to accept Bitcoin by creating a new Bitcoin account and automatically converting it into Monero after receving payment will be implemented in the future.










